Transaction API
================
<aside class="notice">The Transaction section is still under construction and may be missing some information. Don't worry! We plan to update the entire documentation prior to Augur launching. Thank you for your patience as we make these updates.</aside>

```javascript
// Transaction API (Tx API for short) example:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var reputationTokenAddress = "0x2a73cec0b62fcb8c3120bc80bdb2b1351c8c2d1e";
var transferTarget = "0xea674fdde714fd979de3edf0f56aa9716b898ec8";
var attotokens = "100000000000000000000"; // 1000.00 REP

// the Augur API is organized by Contract and then Method like so:
// augur.api.<Contract>.<Method>(<argument object>);
augur.api.ReputationToken.transfer({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reputationToken: reputationTokenAddress,
  _to: transferTarget,
  _value: attotokens,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example sent output:
sentResponse = {
  txHash: '0x915f8f0b13244b0dd9b7377b252d9245ef0fc109c82931a87410d1bdad671fe6',
  callReturn: '1'
}
// example successful output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320512,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x915f8f0b13244b0dd9b7377b252d9245ef0fc109c82931a87410d1bdad671fe6",
  input: "0x83b58638000000000000000000000000ea674fdde714fd979de3edf0f56aa9716b898ec80000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xf2",
  timestamp: 1501003152,
  to: "0x2a73cec0b62fcb8c3120bc80bdb2b1351c8c2d1e",
  value: "0x0"
}
// example failed output:
failedResponse = {
  error: '0x',
  message: 'no response or bad input'
}
```
Augur's Transaction API ("Tx API" for short) is made up of "setter" methods that can both read from and write to the blockchain using Ethereum's `eth_sendTransaction` RPC. Under the hood, the API uses augur.js's convenience wrapper for `eth_sendTransaction` which can be accessed using `augur.rpc.transact`. Although it is possible to call `augur.rpc.transact` directly, which is discussed in greater detail below, it is generally better and easier to use the built in API functions. The API functions are attached to the `augur.api` object and follow a pattern of `augur.api.<Contract>.<Method>(<Argument Object>)`.

### Arguments

All Transaction API methods accept a single object argument. This single object must contain the `onSent`, `onSuccess`, and `onFailed` callback fields. This single object should contain all required params for the transactions as key/value pairs. This is different to the [Call API](#call-api) methods which accept a params object and a second optional argument for the callback. It is **strongly recommended** that you use a callback, even if it's optional in the Call API, as that will ensure your requests are made asynchronously.

### Callbacks

All Transaction API methods accept three callback functions within the argument object. The following keys are used for each callback:

#### onSent(sentResponse)

Fires when the initial `eth_sendTransaction` response is received.  If the transaction was broadcast to the network without problems, `sentResponse` will have two fields: `txHash` (the transaction hash as a hex string) and `callReturn` (the value returned by the invoked contract method). The optional `returns` field in the `payload` object sent to `augur.rpc.transact` can be used to specify the format of the `callReturn` value.

#### onSuccess(successResponse)

Fires when the transaction is successfully incorporated into a block and added to the blockchain, as indicated by a nonzero `blockHash` value.  `successResponse` is structured the same way as `eth_getTransactionByHash` responses (see code example for details), with the addition of a `callReturn` field which contains the contract method's return value.

#### onFailed(failedResponse)

Fires if the transaction is unsuccessful. `failedResponse` has `error` (error code) and `message` (error description) fields, describing the way in which the transaction failed.

### Signer

In addition to the arguments and callbacks, all Transaction API functions require a `_signer` param. The `_signer` param should be set to the private key buffer or a signing function, provided by a hardware wallet, of the account who wishes to initiate the transaction. The Transaction API functions all attempt to modify information on the blockchain which requires a signed transaction. Anytime you plan to modify or "set" information on the blockchain you will need to include a `_signer` param. This concept is discussed in a bit more detail in the next section.

Using Transact Directly
-----------------------
```javascript
// using augur.rpc.transact() directly example:
// payload object (generated by transfer method of the ReputationToken Contract)
var payload = {
  to: "0x2a73cec0b62fcb8c3120bc80bdb2b1351c8c2d1e",
  events: ["Transfer"],
  label: "Transfer",
  method: "transfer",
  signature: ['int256', 'int256'],
  fixed: [1],
  from: "0x05ae1d0ca6206c6168b42efcd1fbe0ed144e821b",
  params: [
    "0x6329a1eb5c9c6c5cd3739fd35a1fd028e50c1456",
    "1000",
  ],
  returns: "unfix",
  send: true
};

// onSent callback fires when the initial eth_sendTransaction response
// is received
var onSent = function (sentResponse) { console.log("transaction sent:", sentResponse); };  

// onSuccess callback fires
var onSuccess = function (successResponse) { console.log("transaction successful:", successResponse); };

// onFailed callback fires when the transaction is malformed, fails to confirm,
// or an object with an error field is received
var onFailed = function (failedResponse) { console.error("transaction failed:", failedResponse); };

// privateKeyorSigner is either the privateKey buffer of the account trying to send the transaction or a function to sign a transaction (generally from a hardware wallet). Below we are going to use the Buffer returned from augur.accounts.login.
var privateKeyOrSigner = <Buffer ...>;

augur.rpc.transact(payload, privateKeyOrSigner, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed);
// example outputs:
sentResponse = {
  txHash: '0xdf096e249638df143118f562868e90285579819e59b09f0784b95fa5fd920413',
  callReturn: '1000'
}
successResponse = {
  nonce: '0x4e1',
  blockHash: '0xb8e4e78c9cf949729bbb7b94e942d8d63e67e9f48b394f3208cf0d2928e44bad',
  blockNumber: '0x6a5f',
  transactionIndex: '0x0',
  from: '0x05ae1d0ca6206c6168b42efcd1fbe0ed144e821b',
  to: '0x2a73cec0b62fcb8c3120bc80bdb2b1351c8c2d1e',
  value: '0x0',
  gas: '0x2fd618',
  gasPrice: '0xba43b7400',
  input: '0x867445580000000000000000000000006329a1eb5c9c6c5cd3739fd35a1fd028e50c145600000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003e8',
  callReturn: '1000',
  txHash: '0xdf096e249638df143118f562868e90285579819e59b09f0784b95fa5fd920413'
}
failedResponse = {
  error: 501,
  message: 'polled network but could not confirm transaction'
}
```

<aside class="warning">While it is possible to use <code>augur.rpc.transact</code> directly, it is generally easier and less error-prone to use one of the named API functions documented in the following sections. Readers who want to use the Transaction API and aren't terribly curious about the augur.js/ethrpc plumbing under the hood should jump to the next section!</aside>

#### augur.rpc.transact(payload, privateKeyOrSigner, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed)

You can broadcast transactions to the Ethereum Network by calling `augur.rpc.transact` directly. If called directly, the `payload` object needs to be constructed by hand and must be structured correctly.

The `payload` object, also known as the "transaction object", is structured as follows:

**Required:**

- to: `<contract address> (hexstring)`
- name: `<function name> (string)`
- signature: `<function signature, e.g. ["int256", "bytes", "int256[]"]> (array)`
- params: `<parameters passed to the function>`

**Optional:**

- send: `<true to sendTransaction, false to call (default)>`
- from: `<sender's address> (hexstring; defaults to the coinbase account)`
- returns: `<"int256" (default), "int", "number", "int256[]", "number[]", or "string">`

The `params` and `signature` fields are required if your function accepts parameters; otherwise, these fields can be excluded. The `returns` field is used only to format the output, and does not affect the actual RPC request.

The `privateKeyOrSigner` is required if we are attempting to execute a transaction that will modify the blockchain (`eth_sendTransaction`). If we are simply getting information (`eth_call`) we don't need to pass anything for `privateKeyOrSigner`. `privateKeyOrSigner` should be the Private Key Buffer for the logged in account or a function to sign transactions provided by a hardware wallet.

**Under the hood `augur.rpc.transact` carries out the following sequence:**

1. `augur.rpc.transact` will first attempt to use `eth_call` on the transaction submitted in order to determine if there is enough GAS to perform the transaction and that the transaction is properly formed. If you have a malformed transaction, didn't provide enough GAS, or the transaction will fail then an error is passed to the `onFailed` handler and the `augur.rpc.transact` sequence terminates.

2. After confirming that the Transaction is valid, `augur.rpc.transact` will send a `eth_sendTransaction` RPC request (or `eth_sendRawTransaction` for transactions which are already signed), which broadcasts the transaction to the Ethereum Network. If no transaction hash is received or there is an error, then the error will be passed to the `onFailed` handler and the `augur.rpc.transact` sequence will terminate. Otherwise, the `onSent` handler will be called and return an object containing the `txHash` and `callReturn`.

3. After calling the `onSent` handler, Augur will add the transaction to the `transactions` object (which is indexed by transaction hash, e.g. `transactions[txHash]`) and assign the transaction a `status` of `"pending"`. Use `augur.rpc.getTransactions()` to access the `transactions` object.

4. Augur then uses `eth_getTransactionByHash` to determine if the transaction has been mined or not, indicated by a `null` response. A `null` response indicates that the transaction has been (silently) removed from geth's transaction pool. This can happen if the transaction is a duplicate of another transaction that has not yet cleared the transaction pool (and therefore geth does not fire a duplicate transaction error), or if the transaction's nonce (but not its other fields) is a duplicate. If a `null` response is received from `eth_getTransactionByHash` then Augur will attempt to re-submit the transaction to `augur.rpc.transact` as long the amount of attempts hasn't exceeded `augur.constants.TX_RETRY_MAX`. If the attempts to submit the transaction exceed `augur.constants.TX_RETRY_MAX` then a `TRANSACTION_RETRY_MAX_EXCEEDED` error will be sent to the `onFailed` handler and the `augur.rpc.transact` sequence will terminate.

5. Once the transaction has been successfully mined (`eth_getTransactionByHash` successfully returns the transaction object) the transaction is updated to include the `blockNumber` and `blockHash` and it's `status` is changed to `"sealed"`.

6. When the amount of confirmations of our transaction exceeds `augur.constants.REQUIRED_CONFIRMATIONS` then the transaction is updated to a status of `"confirmed"`. A `callReturn` field is added to the transaction object, which is then passed to the `onSuccess` handler, completing the sequence.

<aside class="notice">The <code>augur.rpc</code> object is simply an instance of <a href="https://github.com/AugurProject/ethrpc">ethrpc</a> that has its state synchronized with the <code>augur</code> object.</aside>

Dispute Bond Token Tx API
----------------------------------
```javascript
// Dispute Bond Token Contract Transaction API Examples:
// privateKey for the msg.sender of these transactions
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var disputeBondToken = "0xe5d6eaefcfaf7ea1e17c4768a554d57800699ea4";
var _destinationAddress = "0xaa895acf2091752393384b902f813da761ca421f";

augur.api.DisputeBondToken.transfer({
  _signer: privateKey,
  disputeBondToken: disputeBondToken,
  _destinationAddress: _destinationAddress,
  _attotokens: 1,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320480,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x6b0f32ca16855ab6a680ebff87f63837c78e1fcdd94f909cac9acf7768e73384",
  input: "0x86744558000000000000000000000000aa895acf2091752393384b902f813da761ca421f0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001",
  nonce: "0x1",
  timestamp: 1501003125,
  to: "0xe5d6eaefcfaf7ea1e17c4768a554d57800699ea4",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.DisputeBondToken.withdraw({
  _signer: privateKey,
  disputeBondToken: disputeBondToken,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320481,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xf5681056bab571e0ec73411896a3e8f7a7b610e43f148ea96cd06f66a2e8472a",
  input: "0x3ccfd60b",
  nonce: "0x3",
  timestamp: 1501003126,
  to: "0xe5d6eaefcfaf7ea1e17c4768a554d57800699ea4",
  value: "0x0"
}

var _shadyUniverse = "0x580f633f475614636ee132a0a355dcdc826d16c8";
augur.api.DisputeBondToken.withdrawToUniverse({
  _signer: privateKey,
  disputeBondToken: disputeBondToken,
  _shadyUniverse: _shadyUniverse,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320483,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xd3a9a88dd49f9eb485498190013fe8004df40a2549e5c2f3aafb452aab0a7a98",
  input: "0x8ac17bbb000000000000000000000000580f633f475614636ee132a0a355dcdc826d16c8",
  nonce: "0x4",
  timestamp: 1501003128,
  to: "0xe5d6eaefcfaf7ea1e17c4768a554d57800699ea4",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Dispute Bond Token Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/reporting/disputeBondToken.sol)

The [Dispute Bond](#dispute-bond) Token is used by [REP](#rep) holders to [Challenge](#challenge) the [Outcome](#outcome) of [Markets Awaiting Finalization](#market-awaiting-finalization). The Dispute Bond is only purchasable with REP. Only one Dispute Bond needs to be purchased for a Market per round of [Reporting](#reporting) in order for the Market to move to the next state of [Reporting](#report) in the next upcoming [Reporting Window](#reporting-window). If a Challenge is successful, which means the [Final Outcome](#final-outcome) of the [Market](#market) is something other than the [Proposed Outcome](#proposed-outcome) that was disputed, then the Bond Holder is entitled to up to 2x the Dispute Bond cost in REP. After 2x the cost of the Dispute Bond is paid to the Bond Holder any remaining REP is redistributed as normal to other Reporters who correctly staked on the Final Outcome.

#### augur.api.DisputeBondToken.transfer({ \_signer, disputeBondToken, \_destinationAddress, \_attotokens, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

The `transfer` transaction will change the current bond holder to the specified `_destinationAddress`. This is used to transfer ownership of a Dispute Bond Token from one address to another. This transaction will fail if the `msg.sender` isn't the bond holder of the specified `disputeBondToken` or if the value of `_attotokens` isn't equal to `1`. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the from address (`msg.sender`), the to address (`_destinationAddress`), and the `_attotokens` amount transferred (`1`).

#### augur.api.DisputeBondToken.withdraw({ \_signer, disputeBondToken, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction is used by the bond holder of the specified `disputeBondToken` to withdraw [Reputation Tokens](#rep) earned by correctly [Challenging](#challenge) the [Proposed Outcome](#proposed-outcome) of the `disputeBondToken`'s [Market](#market). This transaction will fail if the `msg.sender` isn't the bond holder for the specified `disputeBondToken`, if the Market for the `disputeBondToken` isn't [Finalized](#finalized-market), if the Market is Finalized but the final [Payout Distribution Hash](#payout-distribution-hash) is the same Distribution Hash Challenged by the `disputeBondToken`, or if the `disputeBondToken`'s Market isn't Finalized.

#### augur.api.DisputeBondToken.withdrawToUniverse({ \_signer, disputeBondToken, \_shadyUniverse, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction is used by the bond holder of the specified `disputeBondToken` to withdraw [Reputation Tokens](#rep) earned by correctly [Challenging](#challenge) the [Proposed Outcome](#proposed-outcome) of the `disputeBondToken`'s [Market](#market). This transaction will fail to payout if the `msg.sender` isn't the bond holder for the specified `disputeBondToken`, if the `_shadyUniverse` isn't the [Child Universe](#child-universe) of the [Universe](#universe) containing this `disputeBondToken`, if the [Payout Distribution Hash](#payout-distribution-hash) for the [Parent Universe](#parent-universe) of `shadyUniverse` is the same Distribution Hash Challenged by the `disputeBondToken`.

Market Tx API
----------------------
```javascript
// Market Contract Transaction API Examples:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var market = "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42";
var _payoutNumerators = [ 0, 2 ];

augur.api.Market.approveSpenders({
  _signer: privateKey,
  market: market,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
})
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320485,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xe0dd7114a82fda1daba5adee379eb2fc4fce72e2b2d0005833ffd5ee1f54064c",
  input: "0x8d7e8a57",
  nonce: "0x1",
  timestamp: 1501003130,
  to: "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.Market.automatedReport({
  _signer: privateKey,
  market: market,
  _payoutNumerators: _payoutNumerators,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
})
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320486,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x4c291db662925c48ed38d3c33e3f7e6599f956f3254d4a8464b71bdadb758316",
  input: "0x17c18af20000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000020000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002",
  nonce: "0x2",
  timestamp: 1501003132,
  to: "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.Market.decreaseMarketCreatorSettlementFeeInAttoethPerEth({
  _signer: privateKey,
  market: market,
  _newFeePerEthInWei: '1000000000',
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
})
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320488,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x6544da2190a54542e95473a6c9b18b7259480b8b48953eaa750d3e1379d8ccd6",
  input: "0x4c92c4b3000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003b9aca00",
  nonce: "0x4",
  timestamp: 1501003134,
  to: "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.Market.disputeAllReporters({
  _signer: privateKey,
  market: market,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
})
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320489,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x80dbc117b8dc3868944cb8b7748ab53cec5a2d9f5041f882b04b0bf8a88e6172",
  input: "0x99ea0fd5",
  nonce: "0x5",
  timestamp: 1501003135,
  to: "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.Market.disputeAutomatedReport({
  _signer: privateKey,
  market: market,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
})
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320490,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xd0d81785960bb128c35748e018ad52e599a80921c39ac02adabdaeb4a23d926c",
  input: "0x7a13d14c",
  nonce: "0x6",
  timestamp: 1501003136,
  to: "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.Market.disputeLimitedReporters({
  _signer: privateKey,
  market: market,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
})
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320491,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xd3f644e8904966909a9d974c7ed63ae8ddbb0f23d824f576764afddd7023ef88",
  input: "0x3f4628c1",
  nonce: "0x7",
  timestamp: 1501003137,
  to: "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.Market.migrateThroughAllForks({
  _signer: privateKey,
  market: market,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
})
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320492,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x32bf0849d589b6dd639791c7ea49579ea654a648c41b3a614878d77608ef1b07",
  input: "0x00987265",
  nonce: "0x8",
  timestamp: 1501003138,
  to: "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.Market.migrateThroughOneFork({
  _signer: privateKey,
  market: market,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
})
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320493,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x32bf0849d589b6dd639791c7ea49579ea654a648c41b3a614878d77608ef1b07",
  input: "0x069b559c",
  nonce: "0x9",
  timestamp: 1501003139,
  to: "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.Market.tryFinalize({
  _signer: privateKey,
  market: market,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
})
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320494,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x6b506f0f96381638635948aa0969f4fbb0e918b7a752643cbe7619f0c1f9fc67",
  input: "0x338e579e",
  nonce: "0xa",
  timestamp: 1501003140,
  to: "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42",
  value: "0x0"
}

var _payoutDistributionHash = "0x4480ed40f94e2cb2ca244eb862df2d350300904a96039eb53cba0e34b8ace90a";
augur.api.Market.updateTentativeWinningPayoutDistributionHash({
  _signer: privateKey,
  market: market,
  _payoutDistributionHash: _payoutDistributionHash,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
})
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320499,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x7c5aff31c3c88edfb03d10ced2c561a7464326a6941db1eee868c0a46e7fc77d",
  input: "0xe36cd6e04480ed40f94e2cb2ca244eb862df2d350300904a96039eb53cba0e34b8ace90a",
  nonce: "0xf",
  timestamp: 1501003145,
  to: "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Market Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/reporting/market.sol)

#### augur.api.Market.approveSpenders({ \_signer, market, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction calls a number of `approve` transactions for the `market`'s `denominationToken` and `shareTokens` to allow other contracts the ability to transfer around the `market`'s tokens so the `market` can function.

#### augur.api.Market.automatedReport({ \_signer, market, \_payoutNumerators, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction is used by the `automatedReporter` for a specified `market` to report the winning outcome, by submitting `_payoutNumerators`, of the `market`. This transaction will fail if the `msg.sender` isn't the `automatedReporterAddress` set for this `market`, or if this `market` isn't in the Automated Reporting Phase.

#### augur.api.Market.decreaseMarketCreatorSettlementFeeInAttoethPerEth({ \_signer, market, \_newFeePerEthInWei, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

Lowers the `market` creator's settlement fee in attoeth per `Eth` settled to the `_newFeePerEthInWei` value. This transaction will fail if the `msg.sender` is not the creator of the `market`, if `_newFeePerEthInWei` is 0 or less, or if `_newFeePerEthInWei` isn't a lower number than the current fee per `Eth`.

#### augur.api.Market.disputeAllReporters({ \_signer, market, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction will trigger a dispute of the all reporters phase of reporting for the specified `market`. This transaction will take the bond amount from the `msg.sender` and then move the `market` into the upcoming reporting window. This transaction will fail if the `market` isn't in the all reporters dispute phase of reporting.

#### augur.api.Market.disputeAutomatedReport({ \_signer, market, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction will trigger a dispute of the automated report phase of reporting for the specified `market`. This transaction will take the bond amount from the `msg.sender` and then update the `market` reporting phase to limited reporting. This transaction will fail if the `market` isn't in the automated dispute phase of reporting or if the `market` has been finalized.

#### augur.api.Market.disputeLimitedReporters({ \_signer, market, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction will trigger a dispute of the limited report phase of reporting for the specified `market`. This transaction will take the bond amount from the `msg.sender` and then move the `market` into the next reporting window for all reporting. This transaction will fail if the `market` isn't in the limited dispute phase of reporting.

#### augur.api.Market.migrateThroughAllForks({ \_signer, market, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction will call `migrateThroughOneFork` repeatedly until the `market` has moved through all forks or has reached an active fork which will throw.

#### augur.api.Market.migrateThroughOneForks({ \_signer, market, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction will move the `market` onto the active universe following a fork and refund bond holders for limited or all reporting disputes. This transaction will fail if no move is required or if the forked market isn't finalized. Returns `1` if a move occurred, `0` if no move occurred, and throws if the forking market isn't finalized.

#### augur.api.Market.tryFinalize({ \_signer, market, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction will attempt to finalize the `market`. If the `market` becomes finalized, this transaction will return `1`. If the market could not be finalized then `0` is returned instead.

#### augur.api.Market.updateTentativeWinningPayoutDistributionHash({ \_signer, market, \_payoutDistributionHash, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction will attempt to update the `tentativeWinningPayoutDistributionHash` for this `market` to the `_payoutDistributionHash` provided. This transaction will not update the `tentativeWinningPayoutDistributionHash` if it already has a value and it's supply of reporting tokens is higher than the `_payoutDistributionHash`'s supply of reporting tokens. This transaction will fail if the `_payoutDistributionHash` provided isn't a hash contained within this `market`'s reporting tokens. Returns `1`.

Registration Token Tx API
----------------------------------
```javascript
// Registration Token Contract Transaction API Examples:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var registrationToken = "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352";
var _spender = "0xfe9d0408be14d1d1ec28671b03bda1b80748977e";
var _value = "100000000000000000000";

augur.api.RegistrationToken.approve({
  _signer: privateKey,
  registrationToken: registrationToken,
  _spender: _spender,
  _value: _value,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320494,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x2b51b527645d4844b5f604c39c7b5bca1e7de02b028f9e70d3b2c0aaf4471163",
  input: "0x83b58638000000000000000000000000fe9d0408be14d1d1ec28671b03bda1b80748977e0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0x7",
  timestamp: 1501003138,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.RegistrationToken.redeem({
  _signer: privateKey,
  registrationToken: registrationToken,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320495,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x35fceac9ab27d1e6922d10c90db97cb863876dbfb74503ef93e5df5161e04fe2",
  input: "0xbe040fb0",
  nonce: "0x8",
  timestamp: 1501003139,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.RegistrationToken.register({
  _signer: privateKey,
  registrationToken: registrationToken,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320496,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x2324f99375a30a212d9b47c2478516a79c98804379599fcf9030ddbd46fd87e4",
  input: "0x1aa3a008",
  nonce: "0x9",
  timestamp: 1501003140,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.RegistrationToken.transfer({
  _signer: privateKey,
  registrationToken: registrationToken,
  _to: _spender,
  _value: _value,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});

// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320497,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x6d3e368b97bb342b2f901efb94a5b306a33f9d623ababd1a258ab3c287762682",
  input: "0x86744558000000000000000000000000fe9d0408be14d1d1ec28671b03bda1b80748977e0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xa",
  timestamp: 1501003141,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}

var _from = "0x39d3b15006e580077a2e8b51b93be90ccf1ec0e0";
augur.api.RegistrationToken.transferFrom({
  _signer: privateKey,
  registrationToken: registrationToken,
  _from: _from,
  _to: _spender,
  _value: _value,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320498,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xd9417b50a49b50a50e133173dc3fb994477af9e30cecd2c3c845f7bc79ce8f78",
  input: "0x27f08b0000000000000000000000000039d3b15006e580077a2e8b51b93be90ccf1ec0e0000000000000000000000000fe9d0408be14d1d1ec28671b03bda1b80748977e0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xb",
  timestamp: 1501003142,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Registration Token Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/reporting/registrationToken.sol)

#### augur.api.RegistrationToken.approve({ \_signer, registrationToken, \_spender, \_value, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

Allows the `_spender` the ability to spend up to `_value` worth of the specified `registrationToken` for the sender of this `approve` transaction (`msg.sender`). This transaction will spawn an `Approval` event which will record the owner address (`msg.sender`), `_spender`, and `_value` approved.

#### augur.api.RegistrationToken.redeem({ \_signer, registrationToken, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

If the `msg.sender` of this transaction has a `registrationToken`, has completed reporting, and the reporting window for the specified `registrationToken` has completed then transfer the bond amount of reputation tokens to the `msg.sender`. Currently the bond amount is set to 10<sup>18</sup> attotokens, or 1 `REP`.

#### augur.api.RegistrationToken.register({ \_signer, registrationToken, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

If the `msg.sender` of this transaction has the bond amount of `REP`, the reporting window for this `registrationToken` hasn't started yet, and the `msg.sender` doesn't already have a `registrationToken` then this transaction will transfer the bond amount of `reputationTokens` out of the `msg.sender`'s wallet and transfer 1 `registrationToken` to `msg.sender` in return. Currently the bond amount is set to 10<sup>18</sup> attotokens, or 1 `REP`.

#### augur.api.RegistrationToken.transfer({ \_signer, registrationToken, \_to, \_value, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

If the `msg.sender` of the `transfer` transaction has enough of `registrationToken` to be able to transfer `_value` worth to the `_to` and `_value` is a valid value between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup> then this transaction will send `_value` worth of `registrationToken` to the specified `_to` from the `msg.sender`. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the from address, to address, and `_value` amount transferred.

#### augur.api.RegistrationToken.transferFrom({ \_signer, registrationToken, \_from, \_to, \_value, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

If the `_from` of the `transferFrom` transaction has enough of `registrationToken` to be able to transfer `_value` worth to the `_to`, `_value` is a valid value between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup>, and the `msg.sender` has the approval to spend at least `_value` worth of `registrationToken` for `_from` then this transaction will send `_value` worth of `registrationToken` to the specified `_to` from the `_from`. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the from address, to address, and `_value` amount transferred.

Reporting Token Tx API
-------------------------------
```javascript
// Reporting Token Contract Transaction API Examples:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var reportingToken = "0xbb87186146569514b8cd8b72e57eec3849e3981f";
var _spender = "0xfe9d0408be14d1d1ec28671b03bda1b80748977e";
var _attotokens = "100000000000000000000";

augur.api.ReportingToken.approve({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reportingToken: reportingToken,
  _spender: _spender,
  _value: _attotokens,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320499,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xb3f94e1ad1890d0a14b21e3fd46530eb8c18887edc810e01fc789ccbfb39f067",
  input: "0x83b58638000000000000000000000000fe9d0408be14d1d1ec28671b03bda1b80748977e0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xc",
  timestamp: 1501003143,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.ReportingToken.buy({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reportingToken: reportingToken,
  _attotokens: _attotokens,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320500,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x99620dd1428671eb095de26ad02137916237844456e243cdaa9d9821affa5120",
  input: "0xe94030130000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xd",
  timestamp: 1501003143,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.ReportingToken.migrateLosingTokens({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reportingToken: reportingToken,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320502,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x75cb653f1ab81c95d0aad86c03e092a3fa9de7252603edfabee534b8e5183141",
  input: "0xe9aa05a1",
  nonce: "0xd2",
  timestamp: 1501003151,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.ReportingToken.redeemDisavowedTokens({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reportingToken: reportingToken,
  _reporter: _spender,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320503,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x3c7827f3cc51e4062c73bf9fdbd6ad51edec7d31842900cd88811e67d83eb514",
  input: "0x60b54d2e000000000000000000000000fe9d0408be14d1d1ec28671b03bda1b80748977e",
  nonce: "0xd3",
  timestamp: 1501003152,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.ReportingToken.redeemForkedTokens({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reportingToken: reportingToken,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320504,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x8cfc973a802f44e5c0a93a8a0d294e680fe4735ca4f49310038908d73bb4536c",
  input: "0x00633a30000000000000000000000000fe9d0408be14d1d1ec28671b03bda1b80748977e",
  nonce: "0xd4",
  timestamp: 1501003153,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.ReportingToken.redeemWinningTokens({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reportingToken: reportingToken,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320505,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xa94d27cf876602ff5cbbce344e5d03ff30c60d61c2e2adf4bf9c54c303d51b81",
  input: "0xc165c7cc000000000000000000000000fe9d0408be14d1d1ec28671b03bda1b80748977e",
  nonce: "0xd5",
  timestamp: 1501003155,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.ReportingToken.transfer({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reportingToken: reportingToken,
  _to: _spender,
  _value: _attotokens,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320500,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x8f92137eff5e7824423ff6e79e15188b61d9dd9244fd2c436b020de6d8e721fe",
  input: "0x86744558000000000000000000000000fe9d0408be14d1d1ec28671b03bda1b80748977e0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xe",
  timestamp: 1501003144,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}

var _from = "0x34c85afe56c392e240c64dc09d2a7962afe2920a";
augur.api.ReportingToken.transferFrom({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reportingToken: reportingToken,
  _from: _from,
  _to: _spender,
  _value: _attotokens,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320501,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x2c678df877e01d343a4e7701b92dddcecafc095fd1e4d90423838cd73eadb7d7",
  input: "0xc19cca5200000000000000000000000034c85afe56c392e240c64dc09d2a7962afe2920a000000000000000000000000fe9d0408be14d1d1ec28671b03bda1b80748977e0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xf",
  timestamp: 1501003145,
  to: "0x8385755a52e85df2f571ce5e1550e5472c639352",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Reporting Token Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/reporting/reportingToken.sol)

#### augur.api.ReportingToken.approve({ \_signer, reportingToken, \_spender, \_attotokens, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

Allows the `_spender` the ability to spend up to `_attotokens` worth of the specified `reportingToken` for the `msg.sender` of this `approve` transaction. This transaction will spawn an `Approval` event which will record the owner address (`msg.sender`), `_spender`, and `_attotokens` value approved.

#### augur.api.ReportingToken.buy({ \_signer, reportingToken, \_attotokens, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

Purchases `_attotokens` worth of `reportingToken` for `msg.sender` using the `msg.sender`'s `reputationToken`s. If the `msg.sender` doesn't have `_attotokens` worth of `reputationToken`, if `_attotokens` value isn't between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup>, the `market` for this `reportingToken` can't be reported on, or the `msg.sender` doesn't have a `registrationToken` for the `reportingWindow` containing the `reportingToken`'s `market` then this transaction will fail. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the from address, to address, and the amount of `_attotokens` purchased.

#### augur.api.ReportingToken.migrateLosingTokens({ \_signer, reportingToken, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

Sets the supply of this `reportingToken` to 0 and transfers all `REP` on this `reportingToken` to this `reportingToken`'s `market`'s winning reporting token contract. This will fail if the `market` isn't finalized, the `market` isn't a container for this `reportingToken`, the `market` for this `reportingToken` is the cause of a fork, and the `market`'s winning reporting token isn't this `reportingToken`.

#### augur.api.ReportingToken.redeemDisavowedTokens({ \_signer, reportingToken, \_reporter, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

Transfers `REP` to the `_reporter` from the `reportingToken` for the value of `reportingToken` owned by `_reporter`. This transaction will fail if the `reportingToken` is still contained within the `reportingToken`'s `market`. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the from address, to address, and the amount of `attotokens` of `REP` transferred to the `_reporter`.

#### augur.api.ReportingToken.redeemForkedTokens({ \_signer, reportingToken, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

Transfers `REP` to the `msg.sender` on the new `universe` for the amount of `reportingToken`s owned by `msg.sender` from the old universe. This transaction will fail if the `market` isn't a container for the `reportingToken`, or if the `market` isn't the cause of a fork. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the from address, to address, and the amount of `attotokens` of `REP` transferred to the `msg.sender` on the new universe.

#### augur.api.ReportingToken.redeemWinningTokens({ \_signer, reportingToken, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

Transfers `REP` to the `msg.sender` based on how many `reportingToken`s the `msg.sender` owned on the old universe. This transaction will fail if the `market` isn't finalized, if the `market` isn't a container for `reportingToken`, if the `market` is the cause of a fork, or if the `reportingToken` isn't the winning `reportingToken`.
This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the from address, to address, and the amount of `attotokens` of `REP` transferred to the `msg.sender` on the new universe.

#### augur.api.ReportingToken.transfer({ \_signer, reportingToken, \_to, \_value, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

If the `msg.sender` of the `transfer` transaction has enough of `reportingToken` to be able to transfer `_value` worth to the `_to` and `_value` is a valid value between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup> then this transaction will send `_value` worth of `reportingToken` to the specified `_to` from the `msg.sender`. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the from address, to address, and `_value` amount transferred.

#### augur.api.ReportingToken.transferFrom({ \_signer, reportingToken, \_from, \_to, \_value, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

If the `sourceAddress` of the `transferFrom` transaction has enough of `reportingToken` to be able to transfer `_value` worth to the `_to`, `_value` is a valid value between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup>, and the `msg.sender` has the approval to spend at least `_value` worth of `reportingToken` for `_from` then this transaction will send `_value` worth of `registrationToken` to the specified `_to` from the `_from`. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the from address, to address, and `_value` amount transferred.

Reporting Window Tx API
--------------------------------
```javascript
// Reporting Window Contract Transaction API Examples:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var reportingWindow = "0x06cbcd92af2571f1419b622a794d65db524f682a";
var _endTime = 1501015000;
var _numOutcomes = '2';
var _payoutDenominator = '2';
var _feePerEthInWei = '10000000000000000';
var currencyContract = "0xb85a75a008e15d134c8ba01679ce2ab82dd7f777";
var _creator = "0xab11204cfeaccffa63c2d23aef2ea9accdb0a0d5";
var _minDisplayPrice = "0";
var _maxDisplayPrice = "1";
var _automatedReporterAddress = "0x01dcd72e4bed9ecba84f1749b139ae4338b30ce0";
var _topic = "examples";

augur.api.ReportingWindow.createNewMarket({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reportingWindow: reportingWindow,
  _endTime: _endTime,
  _numOutcomes: _numOutcomes,
  _payoutDenominator: _payoutDenominator,
  _feePerEthInWei: _feePerEthInWei,
  _denominationToken: currencyContract,
  _creator: _creator,
  _minDisplayPrice: _minDisplayPrice,
  _maxDisplayPrice: _maxDisplayPrice,
  _automatedReporterAddress: _automatedReporterAddress,
  _topic: _topic,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320502,
  callReturn: "0x5e3b08cd8a3b909e4396eda0818d5b1e4f43d4da",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x8de51be2ae9140e6db01a97b8578419e8deb542c7de2a615ced10f282bce3cc8",
  input: "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",
  nonce: "0xf1",
  timestamp: 1501003145,
  to: "0x06cbcd92af2571f1419b622a794d65db524f682a",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Reporting Window Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/reporting/reportingWindow.sol)

#### augur.api.ReportingWindow.createNewMarket({ \_signer, reportingWindow, \_endTime, \_numOutcomes, \_payoutDenominator, \_feePerEthInWei, \_denominationToken, \_creator, \_minDisplayPrice, \_maxDisplayPrice, \_automatedReporterAddress, \_topic, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This function will create a new market for the given `reportingWindow` that will be constructed using the arguments passed and return the new market's address if successful. This transaction will fail if the `_numOutcomes` value isn't within the range of 2 and 8, if the `_payoutDenominator` isn't between 2 and 2<sup>254</sup>, if the current time is not before the start time of the `_reportingWindow`, if the `_payoutDenominator` isn't a multiple of `_numOutcomes`, if `_feesPerEthInWei` is lower than or equal to 0 or greater than or equal to 0.5 ETH (5 * 10<sup>18</sup>), if the `_maxDisplayPrice` and `_minDisplayPrice` isn't between -2<sup>254</sup> to 2<sup>254</sup>, if  `_maxDisplayPrice` - `_minDisplayPrice` must be between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup>, or if the `msg.value` amount sent isn't enough to cover the market's validity bond and the estimated gas cost for the target amount of reporters to report.

Reputation Token Tx API
--------------------------------
```javascript
// Reputation Token Contract Transaction API Examples:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var reputationToken = "0x2a73cec0b62fcb8c3120bc80bdb2b1351c8c2d1e";
var _spender = "0xea674fdde714fd979de3edf0f56aa9716b898ec8";
var _from = "0x1a05071893b764109f0bbc5b75d78e3e38b69ab3";
var _value = "100000000000000000000";

augur.api.ReputationToken.approve({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reputationToken: reputationToken,
  _spender: _spender,
  _value: _value,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320512,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x915f8f0b13244b0dd9b7377b252d9245ef0fc109c82931a87410d1bdad671fe6",
  input: "0x83b58638000000000000000000000000ea674fdde714fd979de3edf0f56aa9716b898ec80000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xf2",
  timestamp: 1501003152,
  to: "0x2a73cec0b62fcb8c3120bc80bdb2b1351c8c2d1e",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.ReputationToken.migrateFromLegacyRepContract({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reputationToken: reputationToken,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320513,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xf1eb499764e9422d51a37b3567bb2513c022d63524518d520a9d4eabad0f0238",
  input: "0x3a15e7ca",
  nonce: "0xf3",
  timestamp: 1501003153,
  to: "0x2a73cec0b62fcb8c3120bc80bdb2b1351c8c2d1e",
  value: "0x0"
}

var _destination = "0x73295d3c0ca46113ca226222c81c79adabf9f391";
augur.api.ReputationToken.migrateOut({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reputationToken: reputationToken,
  _destination: _destination,
  _reporter: _source,
  _attotokens: _value,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320514,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xeddcfa199671312d7dd90eba2895da3104801ab05220758c62bbc6ef059f6057",
  input: "0x5ca7a72700000000000000000000000073295d3c0ca46113ca226222c81c79adabf9f3910000000000000000000000001a05071893b764109f0bbc5b75d78e3e38b69ab30000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xf4",
  timestamp: 1501003154,
  to: "0x2a73cec0b62fcb8c3120bc80bdb2b1351c8c2d1e",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.ReputationToken.transfer({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reputationToken: reputationToken,
  _to: _spender,
  _value,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320515,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x8f92137eff5e7824423ff6e79e15188b61d9dd9244fd2c436b020de6d8e721fe",
  input: "0x86744558000000000000000000000000ea674fdde714fd979de3edf0f56aa9716b898ec80000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xf5",
  timestamp: 1501003155,
  to: "0x2a73cec0b62fcb8c3120bc80bdb2b1351c8c2d1e",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.ReputationToken.transferFrom({
  _signer: privateKey,
  reputationToken: reputationToken,
  _from: _from,
  _to: _spender,
  _value: _value,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320516,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x2c678df877e01d343a4e7701b92dddcecafc095fd1e4d90423838cd73eadb7d7",
  input: "0x27f08b000000000000000000000000001a05071893b764109f0bbc5b75d78e3e38b69ab3000000000000000000000000ea674fdde714fd979de3edf0f56aa9716b898ec80000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xf6",
  timestamp: 1501003156,
  to: "0x2a73cec0b62fcb8c3120bc80bdb2b1351c8c2d1e",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Reputation Token Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/reporting/reputationToken.sol)

#### augur.api.ReputationToken.approve({ \_signer, reputationToken, \_spender, \_value, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

Allows the `_spender` the ability to spend up to `_value` (denoted in attotokens) worth of the specified `reputationToken` for the `msg.sender` of this `approve` transaction. This transaction will spawn an `Approval` event which will record the owner address (`msg.sender`), `_spender`, and `_value` in attotokens approved.

#### augur.api.ReputationToken.migrateFromLegacyRepContract({ \_signer, reputationToken, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This function will migrate REP tokens from the legacy rep contract owned by `msg.sender` to the `reputationToken` provided. `msg.sender` will add whatever `msg.sender`'s balance was for the legacy rep contract to the `reputationToken` contract.

#### augur.api.ReputationToken.migrateOut({ \_signer, reputationToken, \_destination, \_reporter, \_attotokens, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This function migrates a `_reporter`'s REP (amount of REP denoted in `_attotokens`) from one `reputationToken` address to another (`_destination`). The `msg.sender` of this transaction must be the `_reporter` provided or the `msg.sender` must be approved to spend `_attotokens` amount of REP for the `_reporter` provided.

#### augur.api.ReputationToken.transfer({ \_signer, reputationToken, \_to, \_value, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

If the `msg.sender` of the `transfer` transaction has enough of `reputationToken` to be able to transfer `_value` (denoted in attotokens) worth to the `_to` address and `_value` is a number between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup> then this transaction will send `_value` (in attotokens) worth of `reputationToken` to the specified `_to` address from the `msg.sender`. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the from address (`msg.sender`), `_to` address, and `_value` amount transferred.

#### augur.api.ReputationToken.transferFrom({ \_signer, reputationToken, \_from, \_to, \_value, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

If the `_from` address of the `transferFrom` transaction has enough of `reputationToken` to be able to transfer `_value` (denoted in attotokens) worth to the `_to` address, `_value` is a number between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup>, and the `msg.sender` has the approval to spend at least `_value` worth of `reputationTokens` for the `_from` address then this transaction will send `_value` worth of `reputationToken` to the specified `_to` address from the `_from` address. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the `_from` address, `_to` address, and `_value` (in attotokens) amount transferred.

Cancel Order Tx API
----------------------------
```javascript
// Cancel Order Contract Transaction API Examples:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var _orderId = "0x7ca90ca9118db456d87e3d743b97782a857200b55039f7ffe8de94e5d920f870";
var _type = "1";
var _market = "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42";
var _outcome = "1";

augur.api.CancelOrder.cancelOrder({
  _signer: privateKey,
  _orderId: _orderId,
  _type: _type,
  _market: _market,
  _outcome: _outcome,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320516,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xa031604c8ef75ab5b1d07f7358d594e1cb57c927a86be92459d78ae3415bb3b0",
  input: "0x309d23e17ca90ca9118db456d87e3d743b97782a857200b55039f7ffe8de94e5d920f87000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000009368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a420000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001",
  nonce: "0xf61",
  timestamp: 1501003156,
  to: "0xb2930b35844a230f00e51431acae96fe543a0347",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Cancel Order Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/trading/cancelOrder.se)

#### augur.api.CancelOrder.cancelOrder({ \_signer, \_orderId, \_type, \_market, \_outcome, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

The `cancelOrder` transaction is used to cancel and refund an existing order on the specified `_market` of `_type` for the `_outcome` given it's `_orderId`. This will fail if `msg.sender` isn't the owner of the order, if the `_market` or `_orderId` is not defined, or if `_type` is not an expected value (`1` for a `BID`, `2` for an `ASK`).

Claim Proceeds Tx API
------------------------------
```javascript
// Claim Proceeds Contract Transaction API Examples:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var _market = "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42";

augur.api.ClaimProceeds.claimProceeds({
  _signer: privateKey,
  _market: _market,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320522,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x0f6152b9a39055b34bc092d9e96e852e3137e3d42f4e78b1dc5848f8b2abf12f",
  input: "0x5fd65fba0000000000000000000000009368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42",
  nonce: "0xfc",
  timestamp: 1501003122,
  to: "0x96c7ed5f9465a8661df4df3bbbf16cc13ad7e115",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Claim Proceeds Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/src/trading/claimProceeds.sol)

#### augur.api.ClaimProceeds.claimProceeds({ \_signer, \_market, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

The `claimProceeds` transaction attempts to collect trading profits from outstanding shares in a finalized `_market` owned by the `msg.sender`. This transaction will fail if the `_market` specified is not finalized or if it hasn't been at least 3 days since the `_market` was finalized.

Complete Sets Tx API
-----------------------------
```javascript
// Complete Sets Contract
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var _market = "0x9368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42";
var _amount = "50000000000000000000" // 50.0

augur.api.CompleteSets.publicBuyCompleteSets({
  _signer: privateKey,
  _market: _market,
  _amount: _amount,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320523,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xc77149d6a3fef8755a20aa2100fc79c02ca7dd198d6f3c65aabe638883d8d017",
  input: "0xfadc758a0000000000000000000000009368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002b5e3af16b1880000",
  nonce: "0xfd",
  timestamp: 1501003123,
  to: "0xfbb1b73c4f0bda4f67dca266ce6ef42f520fbb98",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.CompleteSets.publicSellCompleteSets({
  _signer: privateKey,
  _market: _market,
  _amount: _amount,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320524,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x21121bf9a8d32969b5ce4d53b6021ad6b7b5e7c658e9d98d582c720c8abce220",
  input: "0x04b586670000000000000000000000009368ff3e9ce1c0459b309fac6dd4e69229b91a42000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002b5e3af16b1880000",
  nonce: "0xfe",
  timestamp: 1501003124,
  to: "0xfbb1b73c4f0bda4f67dca266ce6ef42f520fbb98",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Complete Sets Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/trading/completeSets.sol)

#### augur.api.CompleteSets.publicBuyCompleteSets({ \_signer, \_market, \_amount, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction will attempt to purchase `_amount` worth of shares in all outcomes for a specified `_market`. This transaction will fail if the `msg.sender` doesn't have enough of the `_market`'s denomination token to be able to afford `_amount` shares in all outcomes, or if the `_amount` is not a number between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup>. When successful this transaction will spawn a `CompleteSets` event which will record the `msg.sender`, `_market`, type (buy), `_amount` purchased, number of outcomes in the `_market`, `marketCreatorFee`, and the `reportingFee`. During a buy, the `marketCreatorFee` and `reportingFee` will be `0` because no fees are paid for purchasing shares, only selling/settling shares.

#### augur.api.CompleteSets.publicSellCompleteSets({ \_signer, \_market, \_amount, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction will attempt to sell `_amount` worth of shares in all outcomes for a specified `_market`. This transaction will fail if the `msg.sender` doesn't own `_amount` of shares in all outcomes for the `_market`, or if the `_amount` is not a number between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup>. When successful this transaction will spawn a `CompleteSets` event which will record the `msg.sender`, `_market`, type (sell), `_amount` sold, number of outcomes in the `_market`, `marketCreatorFee` paid for selling the shares, and the `reportingFee` paid for selling the shares.

Make Order Tx API
--------------------------
```javascript
// Make Order Contract Transaction API Examples:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var _type = "1";
var _attoshares = "10000000000000000000"; // 10 shares
var _displayPrice = "0.5";
var _market = "0xd3273eba07248020bf98a8b560ec1576a612102f";
var _outcome = "1";
var _betterOrderId = "0xea2c7476e61f5e2625e57df17fcce74741d3c2004ac657675f686a23d06e6091";
var _worseOrderId = "0xed42c0fab97ee6fbde7c47dc62dc3ad09e8d3af53517245c77c659f7cd561426";
var _tradeGroupId = "1";

augur.api.MakeOrder.publicMakeOrder({
  _signer: privateKey,
  _type: _type,
  _attoshares: _attoshares,
  _displayPrice: _displayPrice,
  _market: _market,
  _outcome: _outcome,
  _betterOrderId: _betterOrderId,
  _worseOrderId: _worseOrderId,
  _tradeGroupId: _tradeGroupId,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320525,
  callReturn: "0x5f80029d47ca806002b6b6bbbb0077124f8da9b69a885f7714907bd773bcf8a7",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0xcf6729b0e27fffc81c4f5c824992a780daf1f41bf590c7f62f16777edbc2c08e",
  input: "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",
  nonce: "0xff",
  timestamp: 1501003125,
  to: "0x82378b6ee7b6e8c69874b491e4488c72a390c367",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Make Order Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/trading/makeOrder.sol)

#### augur.api.MakeOrder.publicMakeOrder({ \_signer, \_type, \_attoshares, \_displayPrice, \_market, \_outcome, \_betterOrderId, \_worseOrderId, \_tradeGroupId, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

This transaction will create a new order on the order book for the specified `_market` trading on the `_outcome` provided. The required fields besides market and outcome are the `_type` of order (1 for a bid, 2 for an ask), amount of shares denoted in `_attoshares`, and the `_displayPrice` for the order. Optional params include `_betterOrderId`, `_worseOrderId`, `_tradeGroupId`, and the callbacks. The `_betterOrderId` and `_worseOrderId` are orderIDs of orders already on the order book which should be better and worse than the order we are intending to create with this transaction. The `_tradeGroupId` is a field used by the Augur UI to group transactions and can be left blank.

This transaction will fail if `_type` is not a valid value of 1 or 2, If the `_attoshares` value is less than 0, if the `_market` isn't defined, if the `_outcome` is less than 0 or greater than the total number of outcomes for the `_market`, or if the `_displayPrice` is below the `_market`'s minimum `_displayPrice` or if the `_displayPrice` is above the market's maximum `_displayPrice`.

Share Token Tx API
---------------------------
```javascript
// Share Token Contract Transaction API Examples:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var shareToken = "0xa22c79a48f51df6d0863821bd1dd2c5d6f511bc5";
var _spender = "0x01f50356c280cd886dd058210937160c73700a4b";
var _attotokens = "100000000000000000000";

augur.api.ShareToken.approve({
  _signer: privateKey,
  shareToken: shareToken,
  _spender: _spender,
  _value: _attotokens,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320526,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x02730239e82d37ec032ecde79f27ae75d7cc59c277ab44c6eb5b67520ee487e9",
  input: "0x83b5863800000000000000000000000001f50356c280cd886dd058210937160c73700a4b0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xff1",
  timestamp: 1501003126,
  to: "0xa22c79a48f51df6d0863821bd1dd2c5d6f511bc5",
  value: "0x0"
}
augur.api.ShareToken.transfer({
  _signer: privateKey,
  shareToken: shareToken,
  _to: _spender,
  _value: _attotokens,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320527,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x7dfbd9d87964814e0da2d874d8d7c2d886df6b852a46d69562018620d62fd773",
  input: "0x8674455800000000000000000000000001f50356c280cd886dd058210937160c73700a4b0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xff2",
  timestamp: 1501003127,
  to: "0xa22c79a48f51df6d0863821bd1dd2c5d6f511bc5",
  value: "0x0"
}

var _from = "0x4b01721f0244e7c5b5f63c20942850e447f5a5ee";
augur.api.ShareToken.transferFrom({
  _signer: privateKey,
  shareToken: shareToken,
  _from: _from,
  _to: _spender,
  _value: _attotokens,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320528,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x619a9d4a75f43cf5d5b8e81365f9859e60aa96554915e912cdf7ffd96f0d4d96",
  input: "0x27f08b000000000000000000000000004b01721f0244e7c5b5f63c20942850e447f5a5ee00000000000000000000000001f50356c280cd886dd058210937160c73700a4b0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000056bc75e2d63100000",
  nonce: "0xff3",
  timestamp: 1501003128,
  to: "0xa22c79a48f51df6d0863821bd1dd2c5d6f511bc5",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Share Token Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/trading/shareToken.sol)

#### augur.api.ShareToken.approve({ \_signer, shareToken, \_spender, \_value, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

Allows the `_spender` the ability to spend up to `_value` worth of the specified `shareToken` for the `msg.sender` of this `approve` transaction. This transaction will spawn an `Approval` event which will record the owner address (`msg.sender`), `_spender`, and `_value` denoted in attotokens approved.

#### augur.api.ShareToken.transfer({ \_signer, shareToken, \_to, \_value, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

If the `msg.sender` of the `transfer` transaction has enough of `shareToken`s to be able to transfer `_value` worth to the `_to` address and `_value` is a valid number between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup> then this transaction will send `_value` worth of `shareToken` to the specified `_to` address from the `msg.sender`. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the from address (`msg.sender`), `_to` address, and `_value` amount transferred denoted in attotokens.

#### augur.api.ShareToken.transferFrom({ \_signer, shareToken, \_from, \_to, \_value, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

If the `_from` address of the `transferFrom` transaction has enough of `shareToken` to be able to transfer `_value` worth to the `_to` address, `_value` is a valid number between 1 and 2<sup>254</sup>, and the `msg.sender` has the approval to spend at least `_value` worth of `shareToken` for `_from` address then this transaction will send `_value` worth of `shareToken` to the specified `_to` address from the `_from` address. This transaction will spawn a `Transfer` event which will record the `_from` address, `_to` address, and `_value` amount transferred denoted in attotokens.

Take Order Tx API
--------------------------
```javascript
// Take Order Contract Transaction API Examples:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var _orderId = "0xea2c7476e61f5e2625e57df17fcce74741d3c2004ac657675f686a23d06e6091";
var _amountTakerWants = "10000000000000000000"; // 10.0
var _tradeGroupId = "1";

augur.api.TakeOrder.publicTakeOrder({
  _signer: privateKey,
  _orderId: _orderId,
  _amountTakerWants: _amountTakerWants,
  _tradeGroupId: _tradeGroupId,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320529,
  callReturn: "0",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x3efb4102dc3b9e1bb145ca21310233646a4eba24894b04f12ee4d390281301ac",
  input: "0x49a2cba0ea2c7476e61f5e2625e57df17fcce74741d3c2004ac657675f686a23d06e60910000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000008ac7230489e800000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001",
  nonce: "0xff4",
  timestamp: 1501003129,
  to: "0x077f28f038dd94ed9c444b806137302b1c4cbd5a",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Take Order Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/trading/takeOrder.sol)

#### augur.api.TakeOrder.publicTakeOrder({ \_signer, \_orderID, \_amountTakerWants, \_tradeGroupID, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

Given an `_orderId` and the amount a taker wants as `_amountTakerWants` denoted in attoshares this transaction will attempt to fill the order specified. If the `_amountTakerWants` is enough to fill the order completely then the order will be removed from the order book, otherwise it will be adjusted to only include the remaining amount after filling the `_amountTakerWants` value that the taker requests. This transaction requires `_orderId` and `_amountTakerWants` are defined. The maker of the order specified by `_orderId` cannot be the `msg.sender` of this transaction. This transaction will return the fixed point amount remaining of the order specified by `_orderId` after being filled, if it's completely filled this will return `0`. The `_tradeGroupId` is an optional value that is used by the Augur UI and can be left `undefined`.

Trade Tx API
---------------------
```javascript
// Trade Contract Transaction API Examples:
var privateKey = <Buffer ...>;
var _market = "0x7e8e07364ccde43ba5159537404924e86ca53c92";
var _outcome = "1";
var _fxpAmount = "10000000000000000000"; // 10.0
var _fxpPrice = "500000000000000000"; // 0.5
var _tradeGroupId = "1";

augur.api.Trade.publicBuy({
  _signer: privateKey,
  _market: _market,
  _outcome: _outcome,
  _fxpAmount: _fxpAmount,
  _fxpPrice: _fxpPrice,
  _tradeGroupId: _tradeGroupId,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320530,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x027e3b312f5949388830a0f5c945cbfcbf4ec06edc3b342ef8d6e85f631a50c3",
  input: "0x888b82010000000000000000000000007e8e07364ccde43ba5159537404924e86ca53c9200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000008ac7230489e8000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006f05b59d3b200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001",
  nonce: "0xff5",
  timestamp: 1501003130,
  to: "0xa7f3659c53820346176f7e0e350780df304db179",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.Trade.publicSell({
  _signer: privateKey,
  _market: _market,
  _outcome: _outcome,
  _fxpAmount: _fxpAmount,
  _fxpPrice: _fxpPrice,
  _tradeGroupId: _tradeGroupId,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320531,
  callReturn: "1",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x1072dd3501dd0796f3b986bb45704798d198265ca5b75303488a8eb69c76bae5",
  input: "0xf049066b0000000000000000000000007e8e07364ccde43ba5159537404924e86ca53c9200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000008ac7230489e8000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006f05b59d3b200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001",
  nonce: "0xff6",
  timestamp: 1501003131,
  to: "0xa7f3659c53820346176f7e0e350780df304db179",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.Trade.publicTrade({
  _signer: privateKey,
  _direction: '1',
  _market: _market,
  _outcome: _outcome,
  _fxpAmount: _fxpAmount,
  _fxpPrice: _fxpPrice,
  _tradeGroupId: _tradeGroupId,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320532,
  callReturn: "0xa754c0437ff499df19d163199dcb43a539cbd0a9670b976f0ac66f33a88b3ac6",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x2dc8b6f31e83e0e558863528130af2c66309f582ed02d96c7d7cfbe6a2c7179f",
  input: "0x1ee6ba1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000007e8e07364ccde43ba5159537404924e86ca53c9200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000008ac7230489e8000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006f05b59d3b200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001",
  nonce: "0xff7",
  timestamp: 1501003132,
  to: "0xa7f3659c53820346176f7e0e350780df304db179",
  value: "0x0"
}

augur.api.Trade.publicTakeBestOrder({
  _signer: privateKey,
  _direction: '2',
  _market: _market,
  _outcome: _outcome,
  _fxpAmount: _fxpAmount,
  _fxpPrice: _fxpPrice,
  _tradeGroupId: _tradeGroupId,
  onSent: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onSuccess: function (result) { console.log(result) },
  onFailed: function (result) { console.log(result) }
});
// example output:
successResponse = {
  blockHash: "0x38c8f12c226b8829ae493da94a730d6c149bf9a0578aac151f43028032ea2efb",
  blockNumber: 320533,
  callReturn: "0",
  from: "0xa47eb7af47b8722c3100b49c256a94c742bb26b6",
  gas: "0xb10d2",
  gasFees: "0.005827878",
  gasPrice: "0x430e23400",
  hash: "0x7ab9bde926dfb9d1bbee93c07cbcf7d11ea4b995fa8f72d88d8322336d1aefd1",
  input: "0x048db15000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000020000000000000000000000007e8e07364ccde43ba5159537404924e86ca53c9200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000008ac7230489e8000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006f05b59d3b200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001",
  nonce: "0xff8",
  timestamp: 1501003133,
  to: "0xa7f3659c53820346176f7e0e350780df304db179",
  value: "0x0"
}
```
#### [Trade Contract Code](https://github.com/AugurProject/augur-core/blob/develop/source/contracts/trading/trade.sol)

#### augur.api.Trade.publicBuy({ \_signer, \_market, \_outcome, \_fxpAmount, \_fxpPrice, \_tradeGroupId, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

The `publicBuy` transaction is used to purchase shares for a specified `_market` and `_outcome`. The amount of shares you wish to purchase is `_fxpAmount` denoted in attoshares and the price point you would like to buy at is `_fxpPrice` denoted in attotokens of the `_market`'s denomination token. This transaction will take orders off the order book that can be filled with this request, otherwise this transaction will create a new order to buy `_fxpAmount` of shares at `_fxpPrice`. The `_tradeGroupId` is an optional argument used by the Augur UI and can be left `undefined`. This transaction returns `1` if this order was filled completely, or if this order can't be filled immediately an order will be created and the `_orderId` of that new order will be returned.

#### augur.api.Trade.publicSell({ \_signer, \_market, \_outcome, \_fxpAmount, \_fxpPrice, \_tradeGroupId, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

The `publicSell` transaction is used to purchase shares for a specified `_market` and `_outcome`. The amount of shares you wish to purchase is `_fxpAmount` denoted in attoshares and the price point you would like to sell at is `_fxpPrice` denoted in attotokens of the `_market`'s denomination token. This transaction will take orders off the order book that can be filled with this request, otherwise this transaction will create a new order to sell `_fxpAmount` of shares at `_fxpPrice`. The `_tradeGroupId` is an optional argument used by the Augur UI and can be left `undefined`. This transaction returns `1` if this order was filled completely, or if this order can't be filled immediately an order will be created and the `_orderId` of that new order will be returned.

#### augur.api.Trade.publicTrade({ \_signer, \_direction, \_market, \_outcome, \_fxpAmount, \_fxpPrice, \_tradeGroupId, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

The `publicTrade` transaction is works exactly like `publicBuy` or `publicSell` however a direction must be specified this time. The `_direction` must be either `1` for buying or `2` for selling. This transaction returns `1` if this order was filled completely, or if this order can't be filled immediately an order will be created and the `_orderId` of that new order will be returned.

#### augur.api.Trade.publicTakeBestOrder({ \_signer, \_direction, \_market, \_outcome, \_fxpAmount, \_fxpPrice, \_tradeGroupId, onSent, onSuccess, onFailed })

The `publicTakeBestOrder` transaction will work very similarly to `publicTrade` except it will not create an order if the request can't be filled. The `_direction` must be either `1` for buying or `2` for selling. This transaction returns the fixed point amount not filled by the order, so `0` for a completely filled order, some other number if this request could only be partially filled.
